Chen Santai's whole person is afraid that it will not work
The Chen family has touched the iron plate this time, and the mobile phone
You want to contact the Chen family.
How did the Emperor Senior Hall explain?
The Chen family will know sooner or later
If there really is a storm coming
Then let the storm come harder
Hello? Chen Family?
Ah, it hurts.
It hurts so much, why can't I move?
What's going on?
Madam, I advise you not to move
Two transplant surgeries in one day
Your body can't take it anymore
Isn't twice one surgery?
Why is this woman here?
Didn't she get rid of it?
How dare you lie to me?
You want to die?
Hurry up and send her to Taiping Street for me
It seems that the anesthetic essence has not passed yet
Still talking nonsense
I'm still thinking about what to do with my wife